Now on a rod or a switch you can match traffic by matching a DCP Valley so you could match E F as an
example and then do something with the traffic.
See here's my genius three Radha and I can go to global configuration mode and use the command class
map and I can either do a match all or a match any match all means all the statements have to be true
when matching match any means any one of them need to be true and as per this example we could match
VoIP or whatever name we decide and then we can say match and notice you can match on many values but
as an example we could match IP DCP DSP values are in the range 0 to 63 there are eight binary bets
so two to the power of eight is 64 in the range 0 to 63.
Here are the well known values.
Notice a f in eleven so a f one one or a few eleven a if one.
So notice a f one two here's a 41.
So a f for one.
Here are the class selected values so as an example CLOs select to three notice those binary buts equate
to three.
And here we have expedited forwarding notice what the binary is set to so if we set that to F and then
do a show run notice it shows up as that in the running config but we could also use the command match
IP DCP 46 because 46 is the same as E F Is it a tomorrow or is it a tomato.
It's the same thing.